I want to learn maths sign up
come with me
hello speaking module the absolute value
absolute value is a number without
signal
it is as if you have compared the
numbers to know the distance that it
is at zero that the origin
so I draw number line here that
represents the integers because I
I put oz
then we have to right from zero
we have the positive numbers and the
from zero we have the numbers
negative
so to know for example the distance
that the number minus three states 10
we have to know which module is
least three modules of -3 equals 3
It's an unsigned number so it wants to
say that the minus three is 13 units
to the left of zero it is three units
less than 10 since he is at the
left 10 is a negative number and
module for example four would be
equal to four
that means what's four more
here are four units to the right of the
zero
he is on the positive side of the goal
numerically and if the following
question what is the largest number - 4 or
minus 3
many people replied that
at least four
but this is not what happens men are
negative numbers the -4-modulus is the same
to four
modulus of -3 is equal to 34 is greater than
3 also in negative numbers this
logic is reversed
then a number minus four like him
comes before - 3 - 13 is a unit
greater than 1 - 4 therefore less 4 in this
if here is smaller with at least three stores -
31 more or less 3 is greater than the least
four positive numbers are already
asked what the biggest swell more
three or more 4
obviously with a further 4 is to the right of
three more
it is a larger unit and three more in the
globe
the number plus four is greater than the most
three
then for the negative numbers the logic
it reverses
the larger the module
the smaller number it will actually be
that the minus sign causes that
module is left to the left of the
zero
I hope it has become clear
absolute value we see in the
next videos
thank you very much